- Intelligence
> Intelligence is a very general mental capability
> that, among other things, involves
> the ability to reason, plan, solve problems,
> think abstractly, comprehend complex ideas,
> learn quickly and learn from experience. It is
> not merely book learning, a narrow academic
> skill, or test-taking smarts. Rather, 
> it reflects a broader and deeper capability for
> comprehending our surroundings-“catching
> on,” “ making sense” of things, or “figuring
> out” what to do. 
    - Gottfredson, Linda S. (1997). "Mainstream Science on Intelligence (editorial)". 
- Critical Thinking
    - intellectually disciplined process of actively and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, and/or evaluating information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication, as a guide to belief and action.
    - Critical thinking is that mode of thinking - about any subject, content, or problem - in which the thinker improves the quality of his or her thinking by skillfully taking charge of the structures inherent in thinking and 
      imposing intellectual standards upon them.
- Overconfidence bias
    - 93% of Americans are better than average drivers
    - Ola Svenson - Are we all less risky and more skillful than our fellow drivers?
- Dunning–Kruger effect
    - Unskilled tend to overestimate their ability
    - Highly skilled tend to underestimate their ability, erroneously assuming that tasks that are easy for them also are easy for others.
    - Kruger, Justin; Dunning, David - Unskilled and unaware of it: How difficulties in recognizing one's own incompetence lead to inflated self-assessments.
    - "The trouble with ignorance is that it feels so much like expertise." -DAVID DUNNING  OCT 27, 2014
## Fun Quotes
- As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
    - Josh Billings
